Hello Team,
 
Please find the Below Sony Java & Selenium Interview Questions:
 
1st Set: Java And Selenium
 
Opps concept?
difference POM Model and Page Factory? disadvantage of POM model?
Build Phases of Maven?
What is difference between local, remorte and centralize repositories?
How Will you add dependencies in POM?
How you configure Jenkins?
How You run Paralal execution in Jenkins?
How you do "if you want to run the script every day 6 PM" write the syntax for the same?
How  you work with auto suggest? write a script and approach?
Test script for "How init Elements work?
Map Concept?
Difference between List and Set?
@BeforeClass annotations?
What was your daily routine?
what was your methodology?
String reverse using StringBuilder?
Array duplicates? write a optimize code for the same?
How you will get the URL of the page and what is the return Type?
How you will shift from one window to another window?
How will you identify all the images in a page are completly loaded?
What is there in the URL?
 
2nd Set
 
SoapUI Assertions
2. HTTP Status Codes
3. Acceptance Testing
4. Smoke Testing
5. What is WSDL
6. Difference Between Constructor and Methods
7. What is Polymorphism
8. What is Interface
9. What is the HTTP method used in SOAP
10 HTTP Methods in REST
11. Palindrome Logic
12. Reverse a String Logic
13. Patterns Logic
 
JavaScript:
 What is Annonymous function 

What is Object in js 
Demonstrate the Object inheritence in JS 
What is prototype in js 
programe to fetch only number from array of elemnt in js without using regular expression 
etc.
3rd Set
Please find below few possible important questions to check Python Concepts:

1. Write a logic to find the number of characters appearing in a single line/file. [without using regular expression]

2. A file (abc.txt) consist of different text and many combinations of "Abc", "AbC", "aBc", etc. Calculate the number of all types of abc in the given file. [without using regular expression]

3. Convert int to String.

4. Major differences in Python 2 and Python 3.

5. Difference in Appium 1.4.* and latest version (1.5.3) and their drawbacks.

6. Data structure concepts and usage should be very clear

7. Python unittest framework

8. Should be able to explain the previous project nicely

9. Learning and positive attitude

10. Slice/Range/Generator/Lambda/Decorators functions

Basically they want people who can think beyond the work/assigned task.

how to check img loaded or not
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_img_complete.asp

var x = document.getElementById("myImg").complete